Meeting Notes 04APRIL2025

Riley: Worked on troubleshooting Raidant, no progress. Helping figure out SPI issue.Created GitHub Guideline document.
	Will continue to work on fixing SPI issue. 

Xiang: Worked on docmentation, creating bug report template
	For next week is willing to grab an issue that isn't being worked on.

Mohammad: Rolled in wrapper back into the spi.sv file, still having constant trigger issue. Will continue to work on figuring this out, making unit test.

Nathan: Worked on GitHub Guideline document, worked on Radiant integration with no progress, helped look through SPI issue.

Haoyang: Designed push button circuit, is ready for implementation and testing. Continuing to work on box 3D design.
