Meeting Notes 14MAR2025

Xiang:
  Completed preliminary C code for SPI
  Waiting on SPI integration

Nathan:
  Tried to help troubleshoot/debug SPI clock issues, no luck
  Should start working on integrating buttons and PWM to icicle via Yosys and/or Radiant soon

Riley:
  Tried to help troubleshoot/debug SPI clock issues, no luck
  Blocked by SPI issues

Mohammad:
  Continued work on SPI clock issue to allow integration to move forward, no luck
  Blocked by SPI issues

HaoYang: Focusing on 372 Final, not attending

Will likely need Roy/Rahul support on SPI clock issue, running out of ideas at this point. 
