Meeting Notes 15MAY2025

Nathan: 
  Worked on PCB, changed PCB design. 
  Helped troublshoot userguide.

Riley: 
  Worked on userguide documentation, updated after input from peer. 
  Worked on reducing number of warnings on Radiant. 
  Still not able to put correct bitstream on FPGA.

Mohammad: 
  Decreased number of warnings in Radiant to try to get the bitstream on the board. 
  $readmemh may not be able to be synthesized on Radiant.
  Having meeting with Roy tomorrow, 17 May 2025, to discuss ways forward.

Xiang: 
  Made final report template, asked for comments from Roy and Rahul. 
  Needs information from team members. (BOM, approach, meeting docs)

Haoyang: 
  Handed off PCB to Nathan. 
