Meeting Notes 31MAR2025

Riley:
  Finish SPI integration
  Start on button integration on Yosys
  Pending Nathan's conversation with Roy, start working on Icicle migration to Radiant OR using Radiant RV32 IP

Mohammad:
  Fixed SPI implementation - used mem case statement, on new branch
  Going to try to check with better logic analyzer - going to EPL for this

Xiang:
  Draft SPI V&V plan, just structure for now
  Will work with Mohammad on filling structure out

HaoYang:
  Continued 3D modeling
  Research button circuit options
  Will get schematics to Nathan by Wednesday

Nathan:
  Spent the weekend cleaning up GitHub branches, issue tracking, and getting ready to implement new GitHub guidelines


Moving forward, new github guidelines will be put in place to help collaboration be more smooth. Issues will be tracked on GitHub, branch naming conventions, pushing regularly, etc.
